## Ephemeral
Pod die, they die often and sometimes without warning.

The ephemeral nature of Pods is one of the defining features of Kubernetes. Unlike traditional virtual machines (VMs) or physical servers that might run indefinitely (or until hardware failure).

Pods are designed to be spun up, torn down, and restarted at a moment's notice.

- ***Why are they temporary?*** Flexibility and resilience.
    If a pod encounters a problem, it can be easily terminated and replaces with a new, healthy instance.
    
    This model not only allows for `high avaiibility` but also promotes `immutability`.

    Instead of manually patching or pdating existing environemts, we can spin up new versions of the entire environment.

- **How does it affect me?**
    As a developer, its crucial to understand that it's rearely a good ideal to store presistent data on a pod.
    
    They can be terminated and replaced and any locally saved data will be lost.
    
    Plan on your image restarting from scratch often.



Get a list of your running pods:

`kubectl get pods`

Print the logs (what the container is printing to stdout) of your older pod:

`kubectl logs PODNAME`

Kill that older pod (this might take several seconds to complete):

`kubectl delete pod PODNAME`

Get a list of your running pods again:

`kubectl get pods`


## Example
yashasvishukla@Yashasvis-MacBook-Pro Kubernetes Dev % kubectl get pods
| NAME                              | READY | STATUS  | RESTARTS | AGE  |
|-----------------------------------|-------|---------|----------|------|
| synergychat-web-f7b9f96dd-dnp47   | 1/1   | Running | 0        | 25m  |
| synergychat-web-f7b9f96dd-n8hv2   | 1/1   | Running | 0        | 158m |

yashasvishukla@Yashasvis-MacBook-Pro Kubernetes Dev % `kubectl delete pod synergychat-web-f7b9f96dd-n8hv2`

pod "synergychat-web-f7b9f96dd-n8hv2" deleted from default namespace

yashasvishukla@Yashasvis-MacBook-Pro Kubernetes Dev % kubectl get pods                                   
| NAME                              | READY | STATUS  | RESTARTS | AGE  |
|-----------------------------------|-------|---------|----------|------|
| synergychat-web-f7b9f96dd-dnp47   | 1/1   | Running | 0        | 25m  |
| synergychat-web-f7b9f96dd-p754b   | 1/1   | Running | 0        | 7s   |